Modify rule S3363: Add C# description (#1751)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S3363/why-dotnet.adoc

Using the types `DateTime` or `DateTimeOffset` as the primary key of a table is risky. 
Two threads could create new objects in the table close enough in sequence for both to have the same time.
Moreover, if two entries are added consecutively by the same machine using `.Now` or `.UtcNow` properties, duplicate keys exceptions can occur based on the system clock resolution.

> `DateTime` type is also subject to changes such as daylight saving time (DST) transitions, which can also result in duplication.

Reviewer: IMO line 2 should be connected to line 3 - as I don't understand how else it's possible to create two consecutive objects where they share the same time due to being created close in time.

Reviewer: Discussed offline: This section will be rewritten to explain better that the issues comes from when users are using the Now, UtcNow properties to create keys and this can result to duplicates due to the property being called too close one to the other or simultaneously from different threads, clients etc

> Using the types `DateTime` or `DateTimeOffset` as the primary key of a table is risky.
> It is very common in those cases to insert new entries using `.Now` or `.UtcNow` properties from `DateTime` and `DateTimeOffset` classes.
> In those cases, duplicate keys exceptions may occur in many ways:
> 
> * when entries are added consecutively by a machine with low-enough system clock resolution;
> * when two different threads are inserting entries in close enough sequence for both to have the same time;
> * when changes such as daylight saving time (DST) transitions occur;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the types `DateTime` or `DateTimeOffset` as the primary key of a table is risky.
When these types are used as primary keys, it usually means that each new key is created with the use of `.Now` or `.UtcNow` properties from `DateTime` and `DateTimeOffset` classes.
When one of these properties is called consecutively one cannot be sure of the result after each call as it might equal or not to the previous one. Due to this behavior duplicate keys can be created in the following case:

* When entries are added consecutively by a machine with low-enough system clock resolution;
* when two different threads are inserting entries consecutively, close enough in time;
* when changes such as daylight saving time (DST) transitions occur, for example when the clock moves one hour backward, then the same values of the last hour will be repeated.
```

== Why is this an issue?

> Using temporal types like `DateTime` or `DateTimeOffset` as the primary key of a table is risky.

Reviewer 2: You extended the rule to cover DateOnly, TimeOnly and Timespan. This is not reflected in the RSPEC. Could you please update?

Reviewer 2: I think it should be added here to, because if one reads only the Why is this an issue part than it will not be clear.

Reviewer 2: As discussed offline, the mention of `DateTime` and `DateTimeOffset` will be removed  from here. It will only mention temporal types. While all the types will be available in the introduction part.
